feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo-app/65004ba581d03d1d5628b41c.md

---
id: 65004ba581d03d1d5628b41c
title: Step 58
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-58
---

# --description--

> You've retrieved the task item(s) now but they're still not reflecting in the UI when the page loads, but then they appear when you add a new task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You've retrieved the task item(s) now, but they still don't reflect in the UI when the page loads. However, they appear when you add a new task.
```

> To fix this issue, you can check if there's a task inside `taskData` and then call the `updateTaskContainer()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, you can check if there's a task inside `taskData`, and then call the `updateTaskContainer()`.
```

> Check if there's a task inside `taskData`, then call the `updateTaskContainer()` inside the block of the `if` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if there's a task inside `taskData`, then call the `updateTaskContainer()` inside the `if` statement block.
```
